Honey, don't worry.
Am I not alive and well?
Who's worried about you?
Don't be stinky, I'm wondering why your life is so big
So many things are not dead yet
It's fine as long as people are alive and alive, isn't it?
You're right, right?
We're not going back to the army
I support you, do you support me?
Yeah, sure.
Honey, I don't want to be in the hospital for a second
Let's go home.
Okay, we're out of the hospital.
Go home to the hospital
It's incredible, Dr. Wang.
How is Knife?
It's a miracle
His internal injuries are completely healed
The broken tendons have also been restored
That's really great.
That's not scientific.
Thank you Dr. Wang, don't thank me.
The knife recovers.
It's all about its super healing powers
I didn't actually make any effective diagnosis and treatment
Anyway, as long as the knife is fine
You can rest assured this time
It's all night
You should rest early.
Thank you for your hard work, Dr. Wang.
Pocket knife